Clarify info on failing workflows/Steps (#3679)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/20-workflow-syntax.md

# Workflow syntax

The workflow section defines a list of steps to build, test and deploy your code. Steps are executed serially, in the order in which they are defined.

> :::note
> Should a step exit with a non-zero code, the workflow and all remaining steps will abort and return a failure status. An exception to this rule are steps with a [`status: [failure]`](#status) condition, which will execute them on a failed run.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a step returns a non-zero exit code, the workflow and therefore the whole pipeline immediately aborts and returns a failure status.

:::note
An exception to this rule are steps with a [`status: [failure]`](#status) condition, which will execute them on a failed run.
:::
```

# Workflow syntax

> The workflow section defines a list of steps to build, test and deploy your code. Steps are executed serially, in the order in which they are defined.
> 
> If a step returns a non-zero exit code, the workflow and therefore the whole pipeline immediately aborts and returns a failure status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Workflow section defines a list of stepsto build, test and deploy your code. The steps are executed serially in the order in which they are defined. If a step returns a non-zero exit code, the workflow and therefore the entire pipeline terminates immediately and returns an error status.
```

Author: That has some typos in it, like `stepsto`

Reviewer 2: Fixed

:::note

> An exception to this rule are steps with a [`status: [failure]`](#status) condition, which will execute them on a failed run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An exception to this rule are steps with a [`status: [failure]`](#status) condition, which ensures that they are also executed in the case of a failed run.
```

Author: I dislike this change.
Mainly because the `also` implies that `status: [failure]` would make the pipeline execute on failure AND success, when it actually only executes on failure.

Reviewer 2: Changed
